[MUSIC]
>> Ben Callahan: Little bit about testing.
The big, the best advice I can give you
want testing is that you've got to use
real devices.
There's all kinds of stuff I mean all day.
We've been looking at sites like Tate
changing the width of our browser, but
that's not enough.
All you can really test there is layout.
You know,
you can't test things like contrast.
You can't test things like performance.
I mean, there's so many other
things that are factors here and
we really need to start
testing on actual devices.
I would recommend,
this is just my personal thinking, but
I'd recommend that you use Web Kit for
your browser during development.
The reason I would recommend
that is because IOS and
Android are all sort of, the default
browsers are all webkit based browsers.
You're going to get a good portion of
the market share of a lot of those smaller
screens, just by using the same
rendering engine on your local box.
So you should consider this at least.
And then we talked a little bit.
Marc was mentioning patterns.
You know build patterns build libraries
of the patterns the components that
you're designing.
This is going to help you in testing so
much because if you would rather sit and
kind of flip through every
page of a website or
every page of your app, you can do that,
but you can also get 80% of your testing
done if you just have a single page
that has all those components on it.
Get them loaded in, get them into
the same kinds of layouts, but let people
have a single page, or maybe a half
a dozen pages that have unique layouts but
have those elements living kind of outside
of the functionality of your app but
just visually let them
live in a single page.
And we do a lot of work where we do,
we're basically a front end
consultancy occasionally.
We work with the backend development
shop and we have to deliver the HTML,
CSS JavaScript components to them.
And when we do that we do
it in a pattern library so
that we can test somebody goes and makes
a change to something in the Cascade,
in CSS is affecting all kinds of other
things I can go back to that one page
see all those components and
make sure I didn't screw something up.
So this will save you a ton of time and
testing If you don't have
real devices go buy some.
They're really not that expensive.
You can find them used on Craigslist,
on eBay.
Used bookstores tend to carry
a lot of the used readers as well.
Get them for less than 100 bucks.
I mean, to be honest with you, the price
on these things is being driven down.
We found a couple big organizations that
had a bunch of Blackberries they wanted
to get rid of them, they're buying
new versions, so we got old versions.
That's great.
Got to test on the old ones too.
If you really can't afford devices go to
the Verizon store, go to the AT&T store.
You know there's a whole suite of devices
right there you can play around with.
I mean I'm guilty of doing this,
I've done it myself.
If you've got to test,
you've got to test, right?
There's also been this sort of.
A lot of people sort of all over
big cities are starting to
kind of build labs together.
So maybe this actually would be a great
placemark for a device testing lab.
You know?
Get a handful of devices that are in one
space everybody knows.
In your community knows that those devices
exist and then you don't all have to buy
the same devices you can kind
of keep them in one place.
Do your testing in one place.
Any other ideas on testing or, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: So there's you go against
any kind of emulator or simulator?
>> Ben Callahan: I don't,
I'm not saying you shouldn't use them.
I'm just saying that.
Testing on an emulator is different
than testing on a device.
You know, they're not one 100% accurate.
They do their best and
sometimes they're helpful, but
you need to test on a real device if
you wanna know what it's really like.
Cool.
Okay, consistency.
I talked a little bit about this earlier.
I really believe this is true,
familiarity breeds usability.
So if you can find a way to create
some consistency across resolutions.
That's gonna help your users
understand the usability of the site.
Don't do crazy stuff just because you can.
Some of that off canvas stuff
we looked at is really cool.
I think it has a lot of potential, but
I think it could also be
misused in a lot of ways.
So make sure it's something that
actually makes sense before you try and
implement it.
And users do resize their browser.
We talked about this already, but the idea
that they're viewing your site from lots
of different resolution devices on
different browsers in different contexts.
So, you know,
make sure that you're thinking
about cross resolution consistency.
I've done a bit more writing about that
here and we can have a beer later.
>> Speaker 3: But
they don't resize after they visit.
>> Ben Callahan: Well okay.
So when people say this I see
all these response people say
you know this is a developer behavior
your users aren't resizing your browser.
What they're implying is what they're
saying what they really mean to say is
that in a single visit they're not
going to all these sites and like I do.
Resizing the browser is the new increasing
the font size they're not changing their
browser width all the time but they view
your site from lots of different devices.
The same person you have an i Phone.
Do you have a tablet?
I mean.
You go to those same sites from
different resolution devices so
they are resizing their browser it's
just in a different way, make sense?
I'm just saying if we can create some
consistency in all of those experiences
the usability is gonna increase
familiarity breeding usability.
Experimentation.
We talked about this a bit previously too.
You know,
get into the browser as quick as you can.
I can't say this enough.
You know, we're trying to
shift as much of the process
into the browser as we can because that's
where, we're building sites, you know,
we should be working in our medium.
And the inspector is your friend.
You know we saw some of those
experimentations earlier.
Like, get in there and play around.
Those things are so powerful.
Those tools are incredibly powerful.
You need to understand
how those things work.
Okay, if we could, I'd like to
take just a really short break.
And then we'll come back and
wrap this all up, all right?